I was like I fell asleep for about a
good five minutes while we're watching
freely just not because she was boring
just cuz I was so kind of he's tired I
woke up and then I had bananas another
word you got a love shades Aussie accent
as I said in yesterday's vlog Trish and
Shane love to talk about me love to ask
me questions and today's questions are
on bananas and I am the banana girl so I
have all the answers on bananas and I
want to educate Shane and Trish and
their viewers on the beauty of smashing
in heaps of bananas so here are the
questions and hear my answers oh I think
my brain hurts you know what it is not
the diet coke I started it again I know
you think I've been doing so good means
a diet coke right coke and I enabled it
somewhat ABBA Diet Coke is like how I
cooked but earlier Jake he's like I'm
off the diet coke it was really good
what does guru gossiping say about this
one they're gonna take Shane's on drugs
fat legs huge fat huge fat legs
Freddie's gonna say you're on drugs
freelee's devil you know freely knows
I'm on drugs to feel ease gonna say this
will happen shiny you drunk coke Chinese
when you should be drinking banana shake
30 minute of the day though okay first
of all freely you don't need the red
even hesitate that's not possible 30
minutes a day we're gonna do that for a
challenge we're gonna eat 30 buddy no
one really challenged us really
challenge that let's give me 30 bananas
on camera freely like just a mall no
cuts okay one bit one spit can literally
oh hey thirty banana is not physically
possible eating 30 bananas oh my god
your stomach your stomach couldn't even
take that yes indeed Trish and Shane
train it's been done many times before
it's nothing new Jerry's done it plenty
of times my friend the plant-based
guerrilla is about to do it right in
front of you right now Trish no cuts
banana after banana after banana after
banana 30 times and no I haven't
personally eaten 30 but I was in one
meal but I've eaten 30 bananas a day
plenty of times and my record is
actually 51 bananas I've got a video on
it showing me time lapsing myself eating
those bananas so Trish Shane check that
out everybody else check it out it's
definitely one of my proudest moments
and
one meal I'd say my record I'm pretty
sure my record is 21 bananas in one meal
and I show that in my 51 bananas in one
day video as well so 21 bananas is
around 2,100 calories that's a good
effort the thing is we are frugivores by
design we are designed to eat large
quantities of fruit our Natalie our
physiology is wired up that way so fruit
is relatively low in calories so we need
to eat enough of it to become satisfied
to meet our needs and the cool thing is
our bellies are designed to stretch to
accommodate large amounts of fruit and
then go back to how they were hence why
I have a nice flat stomach you know 95
percent of time other than when I'm
obviously when I've had like a large
fruit meal then it expands but it goes
down really quickly because fruit is
almost all water
it's like upwards most of its upwards of
70% water so you're just filling your
belly with a lot of water and fiber so
after you have your meal and then within
half an hour an hour you'll be going to
the toilet you'll be peeing and you'll
be peeing a lot of that water out from
the fruit and then the stomach comes
down again unless you've been doing some
really poor food combining and you're
going to stay bloated or if you have
some backup of late meat and dairy and
then fruits coming on top of it it's
going to take time for that stagnant
matter to move through your colon and
out the back door at the back door so as
you just saw the plant-based grill is
smashed in those bananas not a problem
30 bananas in one meal thanks for coming
so make sure you check out his channel
I'll put a link in the description below
ok so let's take a look at some facts
about bananas but not as a sweet
satisfying and they fill you up so you
don't want to reach for high-fat foods
or animal products because they're the
perfect balance of water fibre and sugar
and that leaves you completely satisfied
if you eat enough of them so let's take
a look at a 10 banana meal it has
approximately 35 grams of fiber if you
can pan it to a steak a steak has 0 0
grams of fiber and 5 is so important to
your colon health and having a flat
belly and to just being healthy or round
so one of the great things about a big
banana meal is that it's so good for
your stomach and your colon because it
fills you up and then you are satisfied
and it tells your brain to stop eating
so you don't reach
junk food so our bodies are perfectly
adapted to eat and digest sweet fruits
like bananas we have sugar receptors on
our tongue for a reason we are
natural-born fruit eaters one reason why
smashing in the bananas does not make
you fat is dietary thermogenesis so
basically put the heat that is created
from the normal functioning of the body
such as digesting food actually burns
off any excess glycogen think of it like
a tank or petrol in a car as the tank
fills up it begins to overflow and the
excess is burnt off my record for number
of bananas eaten in one day as I said
earlier is 51 and they're obviously not
making me fat I've eaten more bananas
than any other female on the planet over
the last eight years so if they really
made you fat then I would be obese
instead of the best shape of my life so
there's a lot of people out there who
don't understand that bananas actually
contain fat they contain good fats the
average 10 banana smoothie contains
roughly 3.5 grams of plant fats and 240
grams of carbohydrates which is awesome
because that's like pure energy so let's
get on to everybody's favorite subject
which is potassium whenever you tell
people you're having a lot of bananas
they're like oh my god the potassium but
you don't have to worry okay bananas are
absolutely fine when it comes to
potassium and actually excellent for
weight loss because of the potassium the
potassium helps promote a healthy
metabolism which in turn burns fat more
efficiently so to get the lethal dose of
potassium you would have to eat about
400 bananas in under 30 seconds and
digest it so obviously no one can do
that on the planet even the most
talented ape out there is not going to
be out of smash in that many bananas ok
Shane and Trisha there's some awesome
information for you on bananas and I
heard you say you're thinking about a
freely challenged fruit buds if you want
to see Shane and Trish do a fruit but
freely banana challenge whatever it is
then definitely give us a thumbs up
leave a comment below let them know that
you want to see it as well because that
would be freaking hilarious
and yes Trish you can deep through the
bananas and I won't get offended
okay fruit bat so don't forget to go
fruit or root yourself and I'll see you
soon